7. What command should one use to install JAR files in the Local Repository?
JAR files are installed in the local repository using mvn install.
The following plugin is used to manually install the JAR into the local Maven repository: install-file-Dfile = <file path>
8. In Maven, what do you mean by Clean, Default, and Site?
The three built-in build life cycles are:

Clean: The clean lifecycle is in charge of project cleaning.
Default: The project deployment is handled by the default lifecycle.
Site: The creation of the project's site documentation is referred to as the site lifecycle.
9. What are the different phases of the default life cycle?
The different phases of the default lifecycle are:

Validate: Make sure the project is correct and that you have all of the necessary information.
Test: Test the compiled source code using an appropriate unit testing framework. These tests should not demand that the code be packed or deployed; instead, take the compiled code and package it in a manner that can be distributed, such as a JAR.
Compile: Compile the project's source code.
Verify: Perform any necessary checks on integration test findings to ensure that quality criteria are met.
Install: Adds the package to the local repository, allowing it to be used as a dependency in other projects.
Deploy: Copies the entire package to the remote repository for sharing with other developers and organizations, and is done in the build environment.
10. What are Maven plugins used for? What are the types of Maven plugins?
Maven Plugins are used for:

Creating JAR files.
Creating WAR files.
Compiling the source code files.
Unit testing of the code.
Creating the project documentation.
Creating project reports.
Maven plugins are divided into two categories:

Build plugins:  These plugins are used throughout the build process and are configured in the pom.xml file's <build/> element.
Reporting plugins: These plugins are configured in the pom.xml's <reporting/> element and run during stage generation.
11. “Maven uses convention over configura
